Previously on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS".
(Akira)
The Shepherd never
told me he was the one
responsible for
creating the portal.
Where are we?
(Flame)
Stuck inside the
Shepherd's trap, unfortunately.
Where's Shepherd now, Flame?
(Flame)
I believe
we have our answer!
(Shepherd)
Why don't you
and your Ignis
come up here and join me?
(Both) Time to duel!
I've looked into your memories
and can strike you
to your very core!
Despair from the Dark!
No!
Anything but this!
(Flame)
Soulburner, you must get
a hold of yourself!
(Shepherd)
Now, I will collect
the two things
I'm here for... a
victory and an Ignis!
And there's nothing
you can do to stop me!
(Both) Ready?
Speed Duel!
I'm going first and I
Summon Gouki Suprex!
And thanks to its
special ability,
I can also Summon
Gouki Riscorpio!
And next, by discarding
Gouki Twistcobra,
I can Summon Gouki
Headbatt in Defence Mode
and Headbatt's special ability
gives my Suprex
800 Attack Points!
(Ai)
This guy uses
Gouki monsters too?
And now I mash
down my circuit!
The Summoning conditions
require at least two Goukis,
but I'll use all three!
I Link Summon Link-3
Gouki the Solid Ogre!
(Ai)
Another Gouki?
Are they on sale or something?
Since I sent three of my
Goukis to the Graveyard,
I can draw three new
Gouki cards from my Deck,
and one of them is the
Spell Gouki Rematch!
It lets me bring back two Goukis
from my Graveyard
in Defence Mode!
Next up, I'm activating
the Spell Card Gouki Unity!
Since I have a Gouki
Link Monster in my
Extra Monster Zone,
Goukis in my Main Monster Zone
can't be destroyed in
battle or by effects!
And when my Goukis battle,
I take no damage either!
(Ai)
That means we can
barely do anything!
No, you're wrong!
You can't do anything at all!
(Shepherd) Now,
Despair from the Dark,
destroy Salamangreat Heatleo!
With nothing left to defend you,
my second Despair from the
Dark attacks you directly!
And with my third
Despair from the Dark,
you are finished, Soulburner!
(Flame)
Snap out of it,
Soulburner!
Ha!
Don't worry, I'm good, Flame!
Shepherd, if your
monster attacks me
while I have less than
1,000 Life Points,
I can Summon Salamangreat
Parro from my hand!
And due to Parro's
special ability,
its Attack Points
become the same
as that of another Salamangreat
that's in my Graveyard,
meaning it becomes as strong
as my Salamangreat Heatleo!
(Shepherd)
You must be proud,
you managed to
survive my attacks,
just like you managed
to survive 10 years ago.
Yes, I know all about
what you experienced
during the Lost Incident
and how it still
affects you to this day.
Just because you survive
something doesn't mean
those memories can't still
torment you, paralyse you.
I know you wish you could
snap your fingers
and it would all go away,
but that's not happening!
The only thing going away
will be your existence
after I defeat you,
along with your Ignis.
So enjoy your turn,
it will be your last.
(Flame) Don't listen
to him, Soulburner,
don't let him get
inside your head!
(Shepherd)
Oh, I'm
already there,
that's how I know
I've already won!
I draw!
By sending Stack
Reviver to the Graveyard
I can then Summon my Bitrooper!
And next up, I Summon
Cyberse Gadget!
And Cyberse Gadget's
Special Ability
revives Stack Reviver
from my Graveyard!
Which I'll use to
create my circuit!
The Summoning conditions
require two monsters.
I Link Summon Link-2
Security Dragon!
If Stack Reviver is one
of the two monsters I use
to Link Summon, I'm
allowed to resummon
the other monster,
Cyberse Gadget!
And then I activate
Security Dragon's ability
to send your Gouki
Riscorpio back to your hand!
Oh no you don't, not
when I have Twistcobra!
It lets me Tribute Riscorpio
So that I can give all
2,300 of its Attack Points
to my Solid Ogre!
(Ai)
4,700?
Yeah, I'd say
that's pretty solid.
Uh-huh, that's right,
unlike your choices!
Even a newb knows you
should've gotten rid
of my Solid Ogre
instead of Riscorpio!
(Ai)
Well, maybe
you just happen to
only hang out with
really smart noobs!
Maybe!
They also know when Riscorpio
goes to the Graveyard,
I can draw Gouki
Suprex from my Deck!
You're in all this trouble
because you made
one silly mistake.
I disagree, because
I don't make mistakes!
I set all three of my
monsters in the Link Arrows
to Link Summon
Link-4 Firewall Dragon!
You played Firewall Dragon?
And since I just sent my
Cyberse Gadget to the Graveyard,
I can Summon one Gadget Token!
But that's not all!
When I have a Cyberse in play,
I can Summon Backup Secretary.
With that, I can Link
Summon once again!
The Summoning conditions
require two Cyberse monsters.
I Link Summon Link-2
Flame Administrator!
And its special ability
gives all my Link Monsters
an additional 800 Attack Points!
Next, I'll use another
ability, Firewall Dragon's!
When a monster that's
next to its Link
is sent to the Graveyard, I
can Summon Dual Assembwurm!
Now, come on out!
Ha, you may have
three monsters in play,
but none of them
have enough Attack Points
to destroy my Solid Ogre!
That won't be a problem.
Wha?
Because my Firewall
has a second ability.
For every monster that's
co-linked with Firewall Dragon,
I can return a
monster to your hand.
Since it's co-linked
to two monsters,
Firewall Dragon
dismisses both
your Twistcobra and
your Solid Ogre!
(Ai)
That was shocking!
Get it?
Huh?
With that, my monsters
can attack you directly
because you have
nothing to defend with.
Now, end this Duel!
(Ai)
Later, dude!
Kolter, come in!
How's your work coming along?
Funny you should
ask, Playmaker,
'cause I just finished it.
One keystroke and
we're good to go!
Error?
No!
How can this be?
Someone's trying really hard
to hack through the
Shepherd's trap.
But I can hardly say
that he's succeeding.
The Shepherd uses a unique
process to code his programme,
so you can't get through
unless you know what it is,
like I do.
Hey, Kolter,
nothing's changed.
(Kolter)
I know nothing's
changed, don't remind me!
(Woman) I'm surprised he
made it this far.
He almost has it figured out,
but those last few
steps are a beast,
so count yourself
lucky you have
a beast slayer like
me on your side.
(Shepherd)
You choose to suffer
when the smart decision
is to surrender.
You might think that
makes you a hero.
It doesn't.
It makes you a fool.
Yep, that's me.
(Shepherd)
You put on a brave face
but I know beneath the surface
lies a constant
presence of fear!
If you say so, but I won't
let you take me off my game,
especially since I
just drew Rising Fire!
By equipping this Spell on a
monster in my graveyard,
I can bring it back to life!
So, Salamangreat Heatleo,
rise from the ashes!
Next I activate my Field
Spell Salamangreat Sanctuary!
Like last time, I can use
a Salamangreat Link Monster
on my field to Link
Summon another copy
of that same monster.
I blaze my circuit by setting
Salamangreat Heatleo
in the Link Arrow!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again from the valley of
flames, Salamangreat Heatleo!
(Shepherd)
Another Reincarnation
Link Summon?
You tried this strategy last
time and it didn't work!
What makes you think this time
will be any different?
'Cause it is different.
(Shepherd)
Hmm?
Because, unlike last time,
my Salamangreat Heatleo
was equipped with the
Spell Rising Fire!
And when Rising Fire is
sent to the Graveyard,
I can banish all copies
of one particular monster
that you have in play!
With that monster being
your Despair from the Dark!
Leave this game and
never come back!
(Shepherd)
No!
There's more!
Your Life Points are
also gonna take damage
equal to Despair from
the Dark's Attack Points,
which equals 2,800!
(Shepherd)
This shouldn't be possible!
When I looked into
your memories,
Despair from the Dark
paralysed you in fear!
Why aren't you
afraid anymore?
Anymore?
I never was!
(Flame)
What could've
given you that idea?
(Shepherd)
I know what I heard,
you said it yourself!
(Flame)
Oh no,
Shepherd is using
Soulburner's greatest
fear against him!
(Shepherd)
Unless you were lying!
(Flame)
I most certainly
was not!
It was his greatest
fear, just not anymore!
That's right!
But I sold it
pretty good, right?
(Flame)
Eh, B minus.
It's atleast a solid B!
Not bad, Soulburner.
Here's the thing, what
you saw in my memories
was totally real,
Despair from the Dark
really was one of the
scariest times in my life!
(Flame)
But the memory
you saw was incomplete,
you didn't get to see
what happened afterwards.
(Shepherd)
Afterwards?
(Flame)
Yes, because
I scrambled your access.
(Shepherd)
It was incomplete?
You think we
should fill him in?
(Flame)
Why not?
Calm down, Theodore!
Just look at you, you're
so scared of my monster
that you're not
even able to Duel!
But that's your problem and
I'm about to make it worse.
I Summon a monster that's just
as spooky, Skull Conductor!
Now Skull Conductor will
attack Valkyrian Knight
and orchestrate its demise!
And by comboing it with my
Field Spell, Edge of Darkness,
Skull Conductor gains
100 Attack Points
for every zombie-type
monster on my field,
so I can deal you
even more damage!
(Flame)
Are you okay,
Theodore?
Next, Despair from the Dark
attacks Phoenix Gearfried
and Edge of Darkness also
gives it 200 Attack Points.
Please, no more!
That sounds like
you're giving up.
(Flame)
Theodore, giving up
is the one thing
you must never do!
(Theodore)
What's the point?
Whenever I see that
monster, I just can't.
(Flame)
I know you're scared,
but you're not scared
of the monster,
you're scared of what
that monster represents,
the Lost Incident
and how you lost your
parents because of it.
Do not forget that I was
created based upon you,
so I share in the
loss that you feel.
After my Skull
Conductor battles,
it automatically gets destroyed.
How nice for you!
Then I place one card
face-down and end my turn.
(Flame)
As difficult
as it will be,
you must confront your pain
instead of hiding from it,
because that is the only way
you can overcome your fears,
and that is how
you can move on.
And you don't have to do it
alone, I'm here with you!
Together, we can let
your spirit reincarnate!
Now, let us win this duel!
Let's go!
It's my turn.
I draw!
I activate my Equip
Spell, Rising Fire!
I equip in on Phoenix Gearfried
to resurrect it
from my Graveyard
with 500 additional
Attack Points!
Next up, I'll activate this,
the Spell Card Tempest Fire!
It destroys my Phoenix Gearfried
and we both take damage equal to
its original Attack
Points, that's 2,800!
What?
Also, it destroys
a monster
that has equal or fewer Attack
Points than my Gearfried,
and you take damage equal to
half of its Attack Points.
This can't be!
But it can!
By destroying Despair
from the Dark,
you're out of Life
Points, Redley!
It's time I overcame my
fears to win this duel!
All right, I won,
I did it!
(Flame)
I knew you would,
because I saw a
fire in your eyes
that could never
be extinguished!
Oh, you did, huh?
Uh, what was your
name again?
(Flame)
Oh, how rude!
I never introduced
myself.
I'm Flame,
F-L-A-M-E!
The F stands for formidable,
the L is for lively,
the A is for--
Whoa, come on, slow
down there, Flame.
You don't have to go and
tell me what your name means.
(Flame)
Wha?
You don't like it?
Fine, go on.
(Flame)
The A is
for awesome, the N--
Flame helped me get
over my fears that day
and I've never
looked back!
That is, until today
when you made me.
But your scare
tactics backfired,
'cause all you did was remind
me of how far I've come!
Anyways, since I Link
Summoned Salamangreat Heatleo,
I get to pick one of
your Spell or Trap Cards
and return it to your Deck.
So I'm sending back
your Drone Barricade!
(Shepherd)
You can't
if I banish it first!
And by doing so,
I can play
another Drone
Barricade from my Deck.
Then I'll just have to
get rid of that one, too!
When you have a Spell or
Trap Card on your field
and I have at least three
Salamangreat monsters
in my Graveyard, I can
discard Salamangreat Foxer
to return Salamangreat
Heatleo to my Extra Deck!
And as a nice little bonus,
I also get to destroy one
of your Spell or Trap Cards,
so your Barricade
is torn down again!
(Flame)
Without that trap you
can now attack him directly,
but he does have
another card in play.
(Shepherd)
What's wrong?
Are you afraid?
Afraid?
No, I'm not afraid.
But that doesn't
mean I'm careless.
(Shepherd)
That's just another
way to say you're afraid.
You may have
convinced yourself
that you've overcome
your fears,
but you haven't
convinced me!
Oh, then
I will now.
Heatleo, attack his Life Points
directly and finish him off!
(Shepherd)
You fool, I--
(Woman)
Boop!
Wha?
Guess today's my lucky day.
This whole place
is falling apart!
(Flame)
Playmaker
hacked the trap!
(Shepherd)
I'll get you next time!
Hey, the Duel isn't over yet!
Come back!
(Playmaker)
Soulburner!
(Flame)
Playmaker!
Oh man, I was just
about to blast that joker.
Good to see you, too.
Hey, Kolter, your
programme worked out.
Soulburner's safe.
(Kolter)
Music to my ears.
(Shepherd)
My trap is unhackable,
without help that is.
Come on now, I
saved you from a loss!
(Shepherd)
I had Soulburner
right where I wanted him!
Sure, Shep,
whatever you say.
(Shepherd)
Yes, it is whatever I say,
and I say you've interfered
for the last time, Ghost Gal!